When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I think remote repositories are useful for collaborative work, or even solo projects
where you might be working on multiple computers (say, work and home). It also provides
an extra layer of security in case your PC breaks down: at least any code that has been
pushed to the remote will still be available.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

By manually pulling changes, you can deal with conflicts in one step. Otherwise, you
might end up dealing with conflicts on every commit, which would quickly become
distracting.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one
instead of another?

A branch is part of the same repository, where a separate version is active for
developing new features, etc. A clone makes a new repository based on another.
Forks are a GitHub concept, similar to clone, but on the GitHub servers. It also
maintains a link to the original for informational purposes. I suspect there are
probably other features that forks allow that we'll get to later.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored
locally?

It helps with merging collaborative changes that may conflict with your own copy.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and
what would be harder?

There are probably a few options for collaboration. If you were all on the same
network, the code base could be kept centrally, and people could work on individual
files as necessary. However, it would be difficult to allow people to work on
different parts of the same file. If the contributors were geographically dispersed,
this becomes even more difficult. The problem of keeping the code base in sync is
a difficult one. Comments and feedback would need to be carried out separate from
the code. In short, it would be a very time-consuming, error-prone, inflexible
approach to development.