What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A hidden folder called .git is created, which will contain all the metadata
required to manage version control. Without it, Git commands won't work.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area provides an area to choose what files will comprise the next
commit. One advantage is that it lets us keep working on our files in the
working directory, but selectively choose which ones make sense to add to the
repository in the next commit. Not all changed files in the working directory
are necessarily part of the same logical change.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
The staging area represents the files that will comprise the next commit, and
using the 'git add' command, you have full control over what files will be in
the staging area. Simply add files that are related to a particular logical
change, and leave the others alone to ensure that each commit represents a
logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
When trying out new versions or experimental features, branches let us try out
new things without affecting the master branch. At a later point, if it works
out, we can merge it into the master again. This gives us a history of both
master changes, and changes specific to our new branches.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
You can easily see the entire history of a project, including what changes on
the master are missing from the branches. This would be important to know for
merges, to ensure that any potential conflicts are dealt with properly.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
All the changes from both branches are combined into a single branch, effectively
approving a new or experimental feature. The diagram shows where both contexts
split, and also the point where they come back together.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Git's automatic merging saves a lot of time. However, it is very conservative
about merges that have any potential conflict, and alerts users to those instances
only.